Introduction:CISNR is Centre of Intelligent System & Network Research (CISNR) provides smart and intelligent solutions to society that create a balance in managing safety, economic growth, and the environment through accurate data acquisition and technology. The organization's main focus is on product-oriented research targeting safe city projects, which includes AI-based solutions for smart disaster management, smart environment, and autonomous event detection.
 CISNR focuses on four main goals related to sustainable development: Fostering National AI Capacity: Building national capacity to carry out R&D in Artificial Intelligence. Empowering Innovators: Providing a platform and resources for researchers, developers, and engineers to innovate modern solutions. Transforming the Future: Conducting research in various fields of AI to prevent/minimize natural and man-made disasters using data intelligence. Unlocking Boundless Creativity: Developing innovative designs and intelligent systems.
AquaCure is a water supply management system that provides real-time monitoring and control of water quality and quantity. It addresses water protection and metering problems from water pumping tube wells through storage tanks to consumers by providing real-time data acquisition and control of water quality & quantification for the water supply network. Provides real-time monitoring and control of water pumping stations.
ElectroCure is a low-cost smart metering solution that uses a meter-less architecture, allowing a single module to serve multiple consumers. This helps in cost reduction per consumer. It's an ideal solution for electricity theft & loss detection. ElectroCure provides real-time data acquisition of electricity distribution networks, metering, monitoring & control. TransfoCure provides an automatic system for transformer monitoring & control, data collection, and an efficient mechanism to avoid all inappropriate, inefficient, and error-prone procedures.
AgroCure is a tech-based solution to reduce food insecurity, empower farmers by eliminating middlemen, and provide a transparent platform to access real-time farm data and insights.
MeteroCure is an image-based autonomous remote billing smart system to overcome underbilling issues.It includes Data sent through cellular network to the central data server The billing info is printed and sent to the customer Complete database of past data history of consumers is maintained Meter reader ID included GPS coordinates of readings are recorded with date & time.
CMS is a solution for monitoring and tracking user complaints. It provides a complete system that automatically handles the different processes of a CMS 24/7.
Auto Filler provides a solution to water spills and wasteful consumption of water and electricity. It uses ultrasonic sensors, automatic switch modules, and water-flow sensors to enable people to obtain undisturbed water supply without water spills or wastages. Benefits: Avoids water spill, Makes use of ultrasonic and water flow sensors, Provides undisturbed supply of water, Easy to install, Developed by technical experts